# 
#
  This is an open-world game set in a city generated by a large system of networked computers.
The game aims to mix interaction-driven parkour elements in with fluid counter-based combat and cover gunplay. You play as Phsyfertek who has former mob ties, is an escaped convict and accomplished hacker who has to stop the Duke from
unwittingly crashing the city.

# Gameplay Mechanics.
  To complement the freerunning and combat, the player will also have control of a simple stealth system, and REAL, albeit lightweight, encounters with hacking simulation. The game should be designed so that the player has to play through all of these elements at least a little, but can be as hands on or hands of with any of them as they wish to be.
 
#Crafting exploits, payloads, and methods of deployment. 
  As the hacker, you have two planes of existance to interact with: high-level systems (such as the ones running the transit)
and low-level systems (The ones generating the reality you live in). Each system the player interacts with must be studied before the player can exploit it. On to the exploits; the player will have to build those themselves at the hideout where they can't be traced and can focus on quality, or in the field where it will be rushed. If they do not wish to have to they may buy from zero-day hawkers in the Underground. The player decides what payload to deploy as well, so long as he has the files to back it up.

#The Exploit Heirarchy, and the Player Genome.
  This is my take on a skill tree. The Exploit Heirarchy uses prefabbed exploits (written or purchased by the player)
to modify the abilities or appearance of the Character.

#The Setting
  The city is like the Matrix except for one thing... Everybody knows the city isn't real, and they accept it. As such, this city comes complete with Internet culture; memes and social-networking and cats (lots of those), but it also has a gritty side... dark and smelly. That would be the Tor side, or the Underground, where crime runs rampant and the moderators (the in-game police force) are powerless to enforce.

